Add documentation for using Azure Blob storage from Flink (local and deployed to Cloudflow (#682)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/shared-content-source/docs/modules/develop/pages/use-flink-streamlets.adoc

NOTE: If you set `execution.checkpointing.interval` you need to set all other relevant checkpointing settings, the default checkpointing will not be used if `execution.checkpointing.interval` is set.

In the above example the `runLocalConfigFile` setting is shown to point to a local.conf in the taxi-ride-fare example project.

== Azure Blob Storage

Flink supports a number of file systems for reading and writing data and for its state backend. In this section we will look at how to use Microsoft's Azure Blob Storage for these purposes.

> Please refer to the Flink documentation here https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/filesystems/azure.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the Flink documentation https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/filesystems/azure.html[Azure Blob Storage]
```

To make this work in a Cloudflow context there are a couple of things you need to do as follows.

=== Checkpoints

In the configuration file you need to specify that the `state.backend` is `filesystem`, set `state.checkpoints.dir` to match the the location of your Blob, and provide your access key.

[source,hocon]
----
cloudflow.runtimes.flink.config {
  flink.state.backend = filesystem

>   flink.state.checkpoints.dir = "<your-container>@$<your-azure-account>.blob.core.windows.net/<object-path>"

Reviewer: Should the URI start with the `wasb://` scheme? 
```
flink.state.checkpoints.dir =  "wasb://<your-container>@$<your-azure-account>.blob.core.windows.net/<object-path>"
```

As shown in the Flink documentation you referred to [Azure Blob Storage](https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/filesystems/azure.html)

Author: Yep thanks

  flink.fs.azure.account.key.<your-azure-acount>.blob.core.windows.net = "<blob-access-key>"
}
----

Whether you are running locally or deploying to a Cloudflow cluster, this part of the configuration is the same.

==== Deployment

When your Flink streamlet is deployed it will run in a Docker container which includes a normal Flink installation. In order to use Azure Blob Storage as filesystem we need to enable a plugin `flink-azure-fs-hadoop`. As detailed in the Flink documentation, all plugins need to be copied from the `/opt/` folder into a directory of their own in `/plugins.`.

To facilitate this, in your _Streamlet_ `build.sbt` you must add the following instructions to make sure that the plugin is copied to the right place when the container is built.

[source, scala]
----
lazy val yourStreamlet = appModule("yourStreamlet")
  .enablePlugins(CloudflowFlinkPlugin)
  .settings(
    extraDockerInstructions ++= Seq(
      sbtdocker.Instructions.User("root"),
      sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("mkdir -p ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop"),

>       sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("cp /opt/flink/opt/flink-azure-fs-hadoop-1.10.0.jar ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop/"),

Reviewer: Could the hardcoded Flink version `1.10.0` in `flink-azure-fs-hadoop-1.10.0.jar ` break in future Flink version update?
Maybe make it more generic like
```
sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("cp /opt/flink/opt/flink-azure-fs-hadoop*.jar ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop/"),
```

      sbtdocker.Instructions.User("root"),
      sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("mkdir -p ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop"),
      sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("cp /opt/flink/opt/flink-azure-fs-hadoop-1.10.0.jar ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop/"),
      sbtdocker.Instructions.Run("chown -R flink:flink ./plugins/azure-fs-hadoop"),
      sbtdocker.Instructions.User("cloudflow")))
  ...
----

> 

Reviewer 2: You do not need to muck around with docker. just add libraries, as in local case and they will make it to the docker

Reviewer 3: I think so too, please test this.

Reviewer 2: Justin, can you, please, test this

Reviewer 3: Please also refer to https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/filesystems/ since there are some comments there about plugins and lib directory.

Author: Thanks @blublinsky for testing this works without the additional Docker commands. Will update shortly
